feat(ensrainbow): Add script for downloading legacy ENS data (#273)
namehash/ensnode: apps/ensrainbow/README.md

Our copies of the original ENS rainbow tables (6.37 GB) are stored in a public bucket.

You can download the rainbow tables using either of these methods:

> ### Method 1: Using the CLI Command (Recommended)

Author: should we move it to ## Command Line Interface?

Reviewer: I suppose for the current implementation strategy this is a pnpm script rather than a true part of the CLI for ENSRainbow. So I think good to keep it separate here.

```bash
pnpm get-legacy-data
```

This command will:
- Download the required files (rainbow tables, checksum, and license)
- Automatically verify the checksum

> - Place the files in the correct location for ingestion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Place the files in a convenient directory for subsequent use of the ingest command
```

Is that fair? Please feel welcome to refine anything I got wrong.

> ### Method 2: Manual Download

Author: do we want to keep the 2nd method?

Reviewer: @djstrong Sure I think we should.
